New resource - azurerm_storage_account_blob_settings (#3807)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_account.html.markdown

---

A `blob_properties` block supports the following:

> * `delete_retention_policy` - (Optional) block as defined below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `delete_retention_policy` - (Optional) A `delete_retention_policy ` block as defined below.
```

Author: done

* `name` - (Optional) The Custom Domain Name to use for the Storage Account, which will be validated by Azure.
* `use_subdomain` - (Optional) Should the Custom Domain Name be validated by using indirect CNAME validation?

---

A `delete_retention_policy` block supports the following:

> * `days` - (Optional) Specifies the number of days that the blob should be retained. The minimum specified value can be 1 and the maximum value can be 365. Defaults to 7.

Reviewer: can we quote these values:

```suggestion
* `days` - (Optional) Specifies the number of days that the blob should be retained, between `1` and `365` days. Defaults to `7`.
```

Author: done
